Documentation for DataFrames Library
------------------------------------
The dataframe.py file implements an implementation of a DataFrame and Series data with increased 
type safety and more predictable behaviour with None's compared to other existing libraries such 
as pandas.

The underlying operations are written only using Python lists - this makes the code readable and reduces
dependencies. However, this means the code may be much slower in certain cases than other libraries such
as pandas which utilise numpy for efficient vectorised compiled code.

This code was tested on Python 3.14.
------------------------------------

Series(Generic[T])
    The class Series(Generic[T]) defines a base class with shared functionality across all series.
    This class is never used directly, but it is the parent of all other Series classes which get used.
    The Generic[T] is to allow for specific type annotations. The init method takes in as arguments the list 
    of values, as well as the expected type. Then, a type check is performed and the list as well as this base 
    type are stored.

    The __getitem__ method overrides the square bracket operator, allowing for access via either an integer,
    or a Boolean Series. If given a Boolean series, only values where the Boolean Series is True are kept. Note, 
    the type of SeriesBool is as a string as it has not yet been defined (this pattern appears a number of times).

    The override_operation function provides a function which is used to override operations such as inequalities,
    arithmetic, and logical operators. Taking as input the other series or item to apply the operation with, the operation,
    and the return type (defaulted to be assumed the same type as the series) the result of the operation is returned. None
    values are automatically propagated, but this is a design choice and can easily be altered. There is also a helper function 
    to return Series of the correct type.

    Then, an equality operation is implemented for all series via __eq__ performing element-wise equality to return a SeriesBool.

    Finally, a string representation is provided for printing and debugging.

SeriesBool(Series[bool])
    Inheriting from the Series class, this class provides Series for booleans. The initialisation is performed solely by inputting
    the list of values. We also override logical operators and, or, xor and invert for these series.

SeriesStr(Series[str])
    Similarly to above, this class implements Series for strings. Again, it inherits from its parent class, and no additional methods 
    are defined.

SeriesNum(Series[T])
    This class implements overrides for arithmetic operations and inequalities (which need to be defined for both integers and floats).
    Using numpy arrays here would lead to a great advantage if considering memory and time efficiency. For division, a division by zero 
    results in a None rather than an exception being raised.

SeriesInt(SeriesNum[int]) and SeriesInt(SeriesNum[float])
    Both inherit from the SeriesNum class, only redefining the __init__ method to solely require a list input.

DataFrame
    Implements a DatatFrame which is constructed via passing a dictionary containing column names and series. The necessary type checks and size
    checks are performed at creation. A string representation is provided for ease of printing and debugging. The square bracket operator is overridden
    to allow integer and SeriesBool indexing access. The SeriesBool access uses the already implemented version for Series on each column of the 
    DataFrame.

Performance
    Inherently, using Python loops and even list comprehensions are slow. This is due to a number of reasons - for example, loops are run by the Python interpreter 
    at run time which needs to do additional operations such as parse the code, create a stack frame, etc. which takes time. Even though comprehensions reduce the number 
    of bytecode instructions, there are still more efficient methods. Vectorised operations with  numpy are very efficient due to optimised compiled code - this leads to 
    faster and more memory efficient operations. So, numpy operations could be internally used rather than loops and list comprehensions to increase efficiency. However, 
    firstly numpy achieves this advantage mostly for numeric datatypes (so not strings in our case) and it doesn't behave well with missing values (None). One option would 
    be to make use of masked arrays from numpy. They naturally propagate missing values (Nones) and these are treated differently to nans as we would like. 